hey guys since they are one of the
retail comparison between the oneplus
one and the LG g3 so let's start off
here and shaking them off a little bit
so let's begin here so to start off here
one has a quad HD display here the LG g3
so you can see extremely high resolution
text you really need it
probably not because it is so high
resolution but it's pretty cool to have
it because not all smartphones at the
moment have that probably pretty awesome
for reading versus a 1080p display here
that you get only one plus one and you
can also see here that we are getting a
pretty cool back here very good quality
built on both these two devices here
premium finish here but still it's
plastic with this laser autofocus which
is extremely nice because it's just
focus so quick here on the 64 gigabyte
one plus one which is extremely cheap
device compared to the g3 you do get
sandstone back here on this gorgeous 64
gigabyte variant this is sandstone black
variant which is extremely unique
material you can see very nice details
and also here on the front side this
like metal aluminum finish it's just
beautiful
really really do enjoy that CyanogenMod
also install which is quite nice very
very similar size 5.5 inch display on
both but 1080p resolution here on the
oneplus one we have a 30 minute physical
camera here also on these two devices so
that's definitely from there that they
are sharing those little things here in
common and it's just intense how give it
of a quick snappy focus you do get here
on the air on the g3 and I'm pretty sure
that the quality is gonna be so much
better and that the camera is so much
better here Reggie 3 because it is
expensive device here we do have this
one which also Suburban
you I look the the 1+1 very very nice
menus here as well so yeah that's quite
nice farming a Vista front-facing camera
here which is high resolution that one
that you're gonna get here on the on
this baby year which is only a 2.1
megapixel camera front-facing here on
the g3 quad-core here dome above with
2.4 gigahertz Snapdragon 800 also chips
on both and Adreno 330 GPU is very
similar specs overall I mean he's whoa
focus that I think that's like NFC or
something like a spaceship you cannot
see design-wise very very familiar and
you do get a little bit bigger battery
life here in the oneplus one a third
does 100 million searches 3000 milliamp
but the GPU the graphic processing unit
is there during the 330 on both coracoid
room at 5 and as I said there is nothing
an 801 you're gonna get a very similar
experience probably in a lot of
different things of course you do have a
skin version here the LG LG zone skin
here on this little device which I don't
know if I like it that much problems
like it as much as I do enjoy this skin
here or this is a new mode that we're
running here with just a great theme
overall I think it looks a little bit
more clean look compared to the compared
to the the LG g3 and also do you
appreciate more do you like the black
clip overall instead of the white look
here if we do get on the g3 so just
quickly look here
I definitely might do some more videos
if people interests in between these two
devices but definitely in the pricing I
mean that the oneplus one overall way
cheaper that's definitely a go
with ya quick lick here hopefully you
did enjoy